today's show is brought to you by
Express VP and your online business
should not be public learn more
expressvpn calm / - welcome what is this
which is more enjoyable to you second he
didn't even hesitate I only saw one
option what is more important to you to
be remembered to be rich rich is it a
sin to stick your finger in a hot
windowsill pie let's choose another sin
let's use a fun send question our
question game again angry sex let's try
and get lust will you hook up with your
friend yes yes okay we did it the code
for the first room was for 9 to Orlando
or 9 7 okay we got it
well I hate to break it to you God but
we got places to go puzzles us all yay
yay yay Oh 69 7 one inside Jersey that's
right he's a broken doll I relate she's
gonna feel like a broken doll observe
I'm Isaac Mendez you know Claire put my
clues in a pile here smart it's probably
a diagram above that shows where to put
it well just set it on the table from
yeah sure that's and then it was the
other one your broken doll yeah where'd
I put that doll I threw it on the table
maybe oh there's just found her is that
a clue examine it being got it so that
it must be easy to find these but to
figure out where they go will be our
challenge salmon all right point of book
being got the porno book how many total
slots are there on that hey my favorite
suit is a shirt I'll go find it it
should be like my favorite suit is
your tits a kaboom John that's a butt
plug
yeah we don't know that all of these are
items that go on these platforms which
one is Voldemort's soul in is the
question but Harry Potter has to get his
butt [__] before he's able to kill
Voldemort that's why you're the chosen
one Harry you got the loosest butt
Harry
okay so we got playing cards here okay
there's one on the ground to beat the
table yeah which means they were
cheating as a bunch on the floor [__]
okay so they played strip poker
this person won yeah which means this
person got naked yeah no I can
appropriately jerk off so there's five
numbers the jerseys might be the code
seven one six nine let's go that's right
it's only four very nice job you got it
that's definitely it Oh kaboom great job
and then that is or there's something
turning a noticeable screws like is that
my favorite suit is a shirt had like a
screw or something in it that we can
unscrew it from the wall it does always
unbelievable who would've thought you
were so good at loss because as a woman
you're always preparing to escape oh
yeah it's the second the third and then
the last one so now go to the other for
the hair so it's C a.m. and then throw
the camera okay
so hardest camera okay all right and now
this one is telling us in the x's which
one are we looking at the next one yeah
okay so in the right here's the last one
which is our
[Music]
and you can see it's the rat corpse it's
the third from the last on the next row
okay so yeah you just go
it's bar oh oh throat rope all right
that's the Rope up there and the heart
and this one we should do the opposite
way so it's the first and the third yeah
first third last - okay okay I call your
butt ha ha ha B and then this for either
4th and on the first B so Bo Bo
buck-buck broken doll cool we've stalled
your riddles there must be something
else that we need to interact with why
these handles of the mood oh there's our
like in route didn't see that it dropped
the rope he's four is there like a lot
leave before they go oh yeah here we go
okay that looks like a party you know
what I'm saying three chicks and two
dudes this is the one off to the left
so these these correspond to the handles
all right down down and then it nope
that one's up yeah and then this one is
up down down it leans to the right leans
to the right down so up up down Wow
unbelievable unbelievable we're gods of
a skin we have time for one more step we
do one more sin but it lets just pick
our sin sin it's sweeter yeah let's
choose a sin let's just do fried real
quick lift LPW cage and ver nice when we
pick pride yeah we know that there's a
ding so we can yeah ignore all this
trash Oh
principles of psychology okay where's
where do I put my clues
oh you don't know origins okay so we've
got like symbols yeah scale cognition is
the scale and then what was the first
book psychology as a key anatomy anatomy
is a club or the st. Joe sites there's
another one brain is the infinity
psychotherapy
let's phantom of the opera' mask paint
over the Opera only covers one eyes oh
we got a new brain psychotherapy
practice is brain it's an actual brand
okay always with a nice way to know
there's there's the alphabet on the -
rock self analysis is yourself
anal so Adam the letters that are above
you on the wall I think are the letters
that we have to unscramble one sec all
right it's trying to open this envelope
look at him go no I don't know interact
oh and some sort of letters arranged in
a row yeah very confusing oh just in
case you weren't aware this is the
alphabet banks pencil
okay ain't you getting my entry up mine
is a butterfly you see butterflies
therefore you want to [__] your mother
here's a trick
hold on okay there's a soul all right so
check above the desk the letters
actually check above the door opposite
you what does that say shifted shits
burg three hours three four words so you
could learn the new ABC so that relates
to what's on the desk that's the answer
to what's on the desk okay that so okay
so shift shift everything three letters
yeah yeah that's what the alphabets for
yeah can we look at the alphabet L 4 3
is Oh P 4 3 s LP wkh yeah ok and then
whatever that is we fill it in here
yeah yeah we have to read the whole clue
three or three hours forward so maybe
these are forward so we need to go three
back oh yeah
L is the first one so kji yeah
so I'm I'm the D and then e be I'm the
best I'm the best is that it
oh that would be that would be pride
yeah would be pride later
no that wasn't one open I don't think so
to your right
Oh last book okay it's lightning bolt
for psycho their psychology elements
method history oh there's something
under these things yeah what are those
um no no it's not banging oh ah ah wait
where is the locked oh there's more
books in there [__] the desk bottom of
the deck underneath so why some it
worked for a trunk yeah sent you right
there does the desk with the books have
anything to unlock above it
carmine put it in your brain let's leave
it right there go yeah on its side you
think maybe that you try to have a lock
symbol
it says interact so keys are used
generally by hitting e you say then
you'll need it
after you solve the book puzzle also
watch this book oh it's not yeah I don't
know what that is it's a head it's like
a bus yeah or maybe just start throwing
the books in oh yeah
let's just put them in there see what
happens good call what seems strange
that they wouldn't have a specific order
to them but yeah it's we're overthinking
it that's the problem we're too good for
these okay so that's wrong what's the
last book in the book that has the key
on theirs I can't do anything with that
the TV seems like it's there for a
reason
yeah but I don't know Chloe can you turn
on maybe bring the key over there just
in case it's giant
okay haha you're right you got to turn
the TV on to the key
there's the symbols okay I said a limit
to human until miss but nonsan a linear
symbols yeah that's the order of the
book all right so that's complaining do
use do boobs for face bust oh it's a
mess oh alright so first one is
lightning ball lightning bolt and then
hex and then and then hex oh did that
correct on accident yeah
then what's next already we did both the
first two yeah lightning bolt
yeah oh and then hex and then
fleur-de-lis get out of this room
butterflies after bus so this we got key
brain that's gonna be that one then
right okay boom blast wasn't key right
and brain and then key see ya Wow
kaboom we're the best - good that's fun
we survived purgatory
we've managed attack and tackle three
deadly sins you got to use your notebook
so proud of us but I choose a sin or no
no no play by Margo net play we're gonna
find out what our sin was I know your ex
left with someone else a week after
you've broken up you will get angry or
jealous well I mean what about
indifferent I guess
yeah like Chromeo I get jealous
which option is more enjoyable to you he
didn't even hesitate I only